The Battle of the Lightning Army
The battle against the Lightning Army began on 11th January with the advance of the Bormeo-Ranryo invasion to the Tarakan.
On the 9th of February, the Japanese army quickly occupied the Panjel machine and occupied the entire Bormeo.
Suddenly, the Tarakan army suddenly attacked the Panjel machine.
The Japanese army's defense was announced on 15th February at 5.50 pm.
The powerful Imperial Army's landing squadron arrived on 14th February at 11.26 am.
The battle against the Lightning Army was successful.
The enemy was destroyed and the airfield was occupied.
The battle was extended.
The Japanese army cooperated with the Japanese army in this operation.
The tradearbonaruring from this 15th February morning issstaged.
The sky 금 brains raised the news about the immediate destruction.
Among the dried eggs, the precious agricultural 게utilg punished by the postponed fall of the colony,
Playfully waived in tears of joy.
I can't forget the morning on February 16th.
I was a little sad.
The luckiest fall is coming.
I was so happy.
I've never been born with such a feeling.
I'm so happy that I can't even think of breakfast.
The company is celebrating the fall of Singapore.
Please watch the news on October 10th.
I saw the fall that was coming down like a flower.
I screamed, I opened it.
On March 9th, at 3 pm, just a few days after landing,
the Imperial Army's troops are on the island of Yawa and surrender unconditionally.
The whole line-up is ready.
The official time of the Royal Army is at 9.09 pm.
The Royal Army is on the island of Yawa and surrender unconditionally.
The Imperial Army is on the island of Yawa and surrender unconditionally.
Now, the warship 00 is ready to launch.
The Royal Army is on the island of Yawa and surrender unconditionally.
This страх is fully